So let's go ahead and continue.
So you will need these two additional lines to additional imports here transaction and transaction service
transact.
We've just created these things down below.
There is the style or else.
So this file has yet to be created.
We will do this in the fall of the Tauriel but just go ahead and include it now to save a little bit
of time.
We go down below.
We will have a private variable underscore Trents.
So this is the private variable that holds and operate an array of transactions which need to be shown.
And here it says transaction service.
So we are injecting our service.
But first we need to provide it somewhere basically and we will do that in the account component.
Yes.
So just go over here and here we have a few imports as well.
So we have transaction service providers we're basically we're just basically imported the new providers
and down below under the providers we listed.
We listed them here since this is the parent component of the detailed art component.
They will be provided there as well so as soon as we list them here and include this here they will
be provided in the details component.
Yes.
Let me just fix my notes a little bit.
Okay.
So if you keep on scrolling down and we'll get to this.
You need to create this method here.
So this is something that you will require here we will just get the transactions off the account by
using this service we are calling the get by account.
So get by a count method and we are passing to it.
I d.
Parameter which is the ID of the account as well immediately.
Down below and see dot then at an index and this arrow arrow shaped function arrow syntax function trends
are basically here.
Trends are basically the result transactions and we will place them into our variable underscore trends.
You see we're just assigning values a trend the this like this start underline trance equals trance
this start underlying trance is just the current instance of the trance variable basically.
And we will store all the.
We will store all the variables that need to be displayed all the values that need to be displayed into
this variable here anyway.
Get a bid you farewell here and we shall see each other in the follow up or we will create the C Ss
and d h d m l and then we'll be done with this.